what is unique key?
	The UNIQUE constraint ensures that all values in a column are different. 
	Both the UNIQUE and PRIMARY KEY constraints provide a guarantee for uniqueness for a column or set of columns
what is primary key?
	The PRIMARY KEY constraint uniquely identifies each record in a table.
	Primary keys must contain UNIQUE values, and cannot contain NULL values. 
	A table can have only ONE primary key; and in the table, this primary key can consist of single or multiple columns (fields).
what is foreign key?
   A FOREIGN KEY is a field (or collection of fields) in one table, that refers to the PRIMARY KEY in another table. 
   The table with the foreign key is called the child table, and the table with the primary key is called the referenced or parent table.	
what is differences between unique key primary key foreign key?
	A primary key is used to ensure data in the specific column is unique. 
	A foreign key is a column or group of columns in a relational database table that provides a link between data in two tables.
	It uniquely identifies a record in the relational database table.
what is schema?
		In a SQL database, a schema is a list of logical structures of data. A database user owns the schema,
		which has the same name as the database manager.
		As of SQL Server 2005, a schema is an individual entity (container of objects) distinct from the user who constructs the object.
what is user? 
	A User allows you to log into a SQL Server database and is mapped to a Login.
	So you will need to first create a Login, before you can create a User in SQL Server.
what is differences between schema and user?
	A schema is collection of database objects, including logical structures such as tables, views, sequences, stored procedures, synonyms, indexes, clusters, and database links. A user owns a schema. 
	A user and a schema have the same name. The CREATE USER command creates a use
what is sequences?
	A sequence is a user defined schema bound object that generates a sequence of numeric values. Sequences are frequently used in many databases because many applications require each row in a table to contain a unique value and sequences provides an easy way to generate them
what is trigger?
	A trigger is a special type of stored procedure that automatically runs when an event occurs in the database server. DML triggers run when a user tries to modify data through a data manipulation language (DML) event. DML events are INSERT, UPDATE, or DELETE statements on a table or view
	
How to create a Table?
	syntax:CREATE TABLE table_name(
	column1 datatype,
    column2 datatype,
    column3 datatype,
   ....
);
	
What is the differences between drop and truncate?
	In SQL, the DROP command is used to remove the whole database or table indexes, data, and more. Whereas the TRUNCATE command is used to remove all the rows from the table.
	
